# Computerphile YouTube Video Upload Notifier and Playlist Saver
# What does this do?
Running `webserver.py` will run a server which will detect when a new video is uploaded on the 'Computerphile' YouTube channel and display information about the video to the console. The video will then be saved to my 'To watch later' public playlist for easy watching.

# Things to note
For this to work, a [Google Cloud API project](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis) must be created and the 'YouTube Data API v3' enabled. An OAuth consent screen will then need to be created which will be displayed when a **test** user (or any user if the app is published - see 'OAuth consent screen' tab) attempts to run the program for the first time and is asked to log in to authorise (add an 'Application name' and ignore the 'scopes' section when creating the consent screen). An [OAuth 2.0 Client ID credential will then need to be created under 'Credentials'](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials). Under the 'OAuth consent screen add a 'Test user' email which will be the email of the account that will be able to log in and authorise the program - alternatively the app can be 'published' such that any google account can log in and authorise. The client ID and client secret JSON file must be downloaded to this directory - the file will be located under the 'Credentials' tab under 'OAuth 2.0 Client IDs' to the right and should be renamed `client_secrets.json` after downloading.

The `'playlistID'` under `videoInsertPlaylist.py` may need to be changed to a playlist that the user using the program owns. Additionally, a local environment variable `.env` file with an `AUTH_TOKEN` variable holding an Ngrok authentication token should be initalised (an auth token can be generated by making an Ngrok account - the token is located on the dashboard under 'Getting Started' at 'Your Authtoken') - alternatively the `AUTH_TOKEN = os.getenv('AUTH_TOKEN')` and `ngrok.set_auth_token(AUTH_TOKEN)` lines can be removed/commented out from `webserver.py`. The `conf.get_default().region` can also be changed here.